GPG Suite 2015.08 - Release Notes
=================================
Aug 14th, 2015

Security Release, Impact: Critical
----------------------------------
A bug in Libmacgpg could be used by any process on the system to gain root access [[CVE-2014-4677](http://www.cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=2014-4677)]. Fixed in GPG Suite 2015.06. Thanks to Bruno Bierbaumer for responsible disclosure.

* GPGMail 2.5.1
* GPG Keychain 1.2.1
* GPGPreferences 1.5
* MacGPG 2.0.28
* GPGServices 1.10.1
* Libmacgpg 0.6

GPGMail 2.5.1
-------------
###Bugfixes

*  10.8 + 10.7: GPGMail setting to "Encrypt Drafts" could not be disabled. [#841]
*  Correct save and display the update check state. [#842]
*  Properly display messages with content-type application/pgp. [#838]
*  Preserve rich-text formatting when continuing drafts. When drafts where re-opened all formatting was lost. [#835]

GPG Keychain 1.2.1
------------------

### Show key revocation date
* Key details for revoked keys now show the date on which the key was revoked. [#345]

### Bugfixes

* Drag & Drop of keys was not working when expert settings were enabled. [#343]

GPGServices 1.10.1
------------------
### Supporting more applications
* Added a ton of CFBundleIdentifiers to GPGServices in order to support more applications. [#209, #144]

MacGPG 2.0.28
-------------

###  Integrate MacGPG 2.0.28 [#159]

### Bugfixes

*  pinentry-mac suffered from XARA attack. [#160]

Libmacgpg 0.6 - Release Notes
-----------------------------

### Be more tolerant toward malformed messages
* To many line breaks or other minor malformations so far resulted in a message that could not be decrypted. We are now much more tolerant and flexible. [#63, #145, #14, #38]


### Bugfixes

* One of the most annoying, infamous bugs has finally gone down meaning users will no longer see the "no pinentry" error. Socket connection to gpg-agent was not closed under some circumstances. [#147]
* One of the most common crashes in the 2015.06 release has been fixed. GPGTaskHelperXPC no longer crashes. [#143]
* Crash in Libmacgpg GPGPacket fixed. [#146]
* Fix: Empty key list in GPG Keychain main window. [#149]
* Fix: Use new pinentry with keychain support for new MacGPG. [#148]