GPG Suite 2016.07
=================
July XXth, 2016

### Update process simplified - a lot
* The update options available in GPGMail, GPG Keychain and GPGPreferences are now in sync. They are much more intuitive now. You can search for updates on the stable channel and include beta updates if you want to help testing new features. We will make more use of the beta channel in the future. Promised! The nightly builds are used for debugging / hotfix purposes only.

### 10.6 - 10.8 EOL
* We want to improve GPG Suite, but each new feature we introduced, caused difficulties on the older iterations of OS X. Thus 10.6 - 10.8 will be End of Life and are not supported in this version of GPG Suite. GPG Suite for 10.6 - 10.8 can be downloaded from [https://releases.gpgtools.org/oldies](https://releases.gpgtools.org/oldies).

* GPGMail 2.6
* GPG Keychain 1.3
* GPGPreferences 2.0
* GPGServices 1.11
* MacGPG 2.0.30
* Libmacgpg 0.7

GPGMail 2.6
-----------

### New

El Capitan stable

* GPGMail 2.6 stable is rolled out for 10.9 - 10.11. [#834]

VoiceOver support

* VoiceOver support has been made fully functional on 10.11. All GPGMail elements can be reached and worked with. Known limitations: 10.10 can not access the OpenPGP indicator, 10.9 as 10.10 and button state is not announced. We suggest all of our blind users to update to 10.11 and would be really excited to hear your feedback on this.

### Improvements

* Change default so that version info is no longer attached to messages. [#837]

Fixes
----
* Drafts were opened in blank state when closing mail while working on a draft and not saving it. [#860]
* Respect Subkey key mapping. [#862]
* Sending a mail while in fullscreen view resulted in Mail.app getting stuck on a black screen. [#852]
* Disable the setting to 'Automatically check for updates' didn't stick. [#850]
* Mission control showed drafts despite them already being sent. [#853]
* Inline/PGP works again using BCC: recipients. [#869]
* MailTags and GPGMail can again peacfully co-exist. Thanks Scott from MailTags! [#849]
* Startup crash on 10.10 and 10.11 related to the MailTags fix. [#868]
* Mail.app was not starting correctly after closing it while an unsaved draft was open. [#871]
* Ensure draft state is saved and kept when re-opening draft. [#854]

GPGKeychain 1.3
---------------

### New

* Clipboard detection: When GPG Keychain is open and the user copies any text key to the clipboard, we now show a dialog asking if you want to import the key. This has been a popular request. Hope you like it! [#248]
* Allow symbols in email addresse for key creation. [#365]

### Improvements

* The info message is now consistent when revoking a key via rev cert import and via contextual menu. [#346]
* Key import dialog has been improved a lot. Readability and clarity ahoi! After a key import, that key will be highlighted. [#358]
* Display info messages as dialog instead of a text window. [#290]
* Removed delete icon from default icons. [#364]
* Changed keyboard shortcut to update a key from the key server from ⇧⌘Y to ⌘U. That should be both easier and more intuitive. [#356]
* For keys with only one UserID the algorithm preferences will no longer show a dropdown selection with only one entry. [#323]
* Keyboard shortcuts in the Subkey and Key tab now work consistent. ⌘C copies fingerprint with spaces and ⇧⌘C copies fingerprint without spaces. [#359, #354]
* Option to 'Mail public key' is not available for expired or revoked keys. You do not want to share those old keys with the world. [#301]
* Show key details when attempting to import a key and that key already exists. [#289]

### Fixes

* Keylist is updated as expected when deleting or importing keys. [#357]

GPGPreferences 2.0
------------------

### New

Settings Redesigned

* Our long neglected child has received some major love. The settings have been completey redesigned. We hope you like the new layout.

Send Report

* We hope you don't, but should you ever run into trouble and want to get in touch, it has never been easier. The new 'Send Report' tab provides an easy option to create a discussion on our known support platform.
* For debugging porpuses you can attach a debug log. It will be sent via encrypted TLS connection to our hoster. There it is encrypted with out team key and then sent to our support platform.
* This should help both you and us to be more effective in debugging problems you may be seeing.

### Improvements

* We now pre-select a key for you as default key, should none be selected already. In case you have more than one key, that will be the latest key. There's really no reason not to be using the default key option. [#68]

GPGServices 1.11
----------------

### Improvements

* Added a few CFBundleIdentifiers. [#226]

### Fixes

* Error messages where shown with error code instead of being translated to human readable text. [#224]

MacGPG2 2.0.30
--------------

### New

* Integrate MacGPG 2.0.30.

### Fixes

*  Updated SparkleUpdate to 1.13.1. [#682]
*  Fixed a longstanding crash 'exc_guard'. [#153]

Libmacgpg 0.7
-------------

### Improvements

* Be more tolerant when importing keys with wrong new lines. [#64]