GPG Suite 2016.10
=================
Oct 14th, 2016

GPGMail, our plugin for securing emails using GPG in Mail.app is not yet compatible with macOS Sierra. If you rely on GPGMail, please refrain from updating to macOS Sierra for the time being!

We've posted a [temporary workaround](https://gpgtools.tenderapp.com/kb/gpgmail-faq/gpgmail-no-longer-working-after-macos-update) to decrypt/encrypt/sign your message using GPGServices.

Add yourself [here](https://gpgtools.tenderapp.com/discussions/problems/49449-will-not-work-on-macosx-sierra) in order to be notified as soon as a first version for 10.12 is ready for testing.


GPGMail 2.6.2
-------------

### Fixes

* remove X-Pgp-Agent: GPGMail information: We do no longer expose the fact that you are using GPGMail in the mail header. [#879]


GPGKeychain 1.3.2
-----------------

### Fixes

* Key creation failed on first attempt. [#377]
* The term "key server" is now consistently used throughout GPG Keychain. [#348]
* Don't show old info messages for current key searches. [#375]
* Dialog for key deletion had too many buttons. This was a 10.12 specific problem. [#379]

GPGPreferences 2.0.1
--------------------

### Improvements

* We added detailed version info to the about tab. [#84]

### Fixes

* Checkbox for "remember for ... seconds" setting could not be de-selected. [#86] 

MacGPG2 2.0.30
--------------

### Fixes

*  Libgcrypt 1.6.6: Fixes a bug in the mixing functions of Libgcrypt's random number generator. CVE-2016-6316 [#685]

Security fixes
--------------

* Fixes a privilege escalation bug in our Installer, which could allow an attacker that has already local access to a machine, execute mailious code as root. Thanks for responsible disclosure: k4dl (@k4dl) and lumpy_ (@diretraversal)