GPG Suite 2017.1b2
==================
Jan 20th, 2017


GPGMail 2.7b2
-------------

#### macOS 10.12 Sierra support
* Second public beta version of GPGMail for macOS Sierra. [GPGMail #874]
* Beta 1 was released to a select group of testers to find major bugs.

### Fixes

* Due to a bug in Apple's Mail frameworks, some users were seeing an invalid signature in beta 1 even though the signature was still valid. Messages created using b1 will remain broken. New messages sent with GPGMail will work as expected. [#885]

### Known Issues

* If multiple private keys are available for the same email address, GPGMail currently picks one at random to sign the message. [#895]
* Some messages might not load correctly. If you can provide us with an example .eml file we'd love to debug the issue.
* Canceling the pinentry request for signing upon sending a message might lead to unexpected behavior.
* Inline PGP is currently not supported at all, PGP/MIME will be used instead. [#894]
* "BCC" recpients are currently not treated differently from "TO" or "CC" recipients (gnupg --hidden-recipients option not currently in use). [#896]
* Mail Act-On incompatibility: if Mail Act-On is active, messages will not be encrypted. Please make sure to disable Mail Act-On. [GPGMail #888]
* Mail rules for signed or encrypted messages will not work for PGP/MIME signed/encryted messages.
* Keys that are imported using gnupg cli or GPG Keychain might require a restart of Mail in order to be picked up by GPGMail.

GPG Keychain 1.3.3b1
--------------------

### Improvements

* The GPG Keychain preferences now use auto-layout. That means that localisations will get cut-off muss less frequently. [#382]

### Fixes

* The fingerprint no longer changes font-size when being marked. [#374]
* When importing encrypted data instead of a key, GPG Keychain showed a dialog with placeholder strings. Now that dialog has the proper strings. [#383]


GPGPreferences 2.0.2b2
----------------------

### Improvements

* Crash reporting options can be editied. Help us fix crashes by enabling optional crash reporting. [#89]
* Comment editing option removed. We display a one time dialog for custom comments, to allow users to easily remove an existing custom comment if one is detected. [#88]


MacGPG2 2.0.30b2
----------------

### Fixes

*  Pinentry languages on 10.12 fixed. Pinentry would use the secondary system language instead of the primary one in rare occasions. [MacGPG #692]
