GPG Suite 2017.2
================
December 6th, 2017

#### Second Beta of GPGMail 3.0 for macOS High Sierra

* Fixes an often occuring bug, where an encrypted message was not properly decrypted or was displayed as empty.
* Includes compatibility improvements for macOS 10.13.2.
* With the release of GPGMail 3.0 stable, we will start charging a small fee for GPGMail to deliver more timely updates and even better user support in the future.
* This beta will expire once GPGMail 3.0 stable is released.

#### Upgrades GnuPG from 2.2 to the new version 2.2.3

* Should you have skipped GPG Suite 2017.1, please have a look at [2.0 → 2.2.X Migration Guide](https://gpgtools.tenderapp.com/kb/faq/gpg-suite-20171-gnupg-20-gnupg-22-migration-help).

#### Important bug fixes for GPG Keychain and GPGServices

* Resolves a hang in GPGServices, which was triggered when verifying specific messages.
* Fixes a bug in GPG Keychain (Libmacgpg), which resulted in key server searches failing or working key servers to be considered malfunctioning.

GPGMail 3.0b2 (10.13 only)
--------------------------

### Improvements

* GPGMail now detects inline PGP in incoming messages. [#945]

### Fixes

* GPGMail icon appeared twice in Mail.app Preferences in some cases. [#943]
* Messages containing PGP data were not properly processed and displaying no content as a result. [#952]
* Canceling a pinentry request upon sending a message crashed GPGMail. [#944]
* GPGMail no longer crashes when a draft is saved and no sender information is available. [#955]
* GPGMail no longer tries to encrypt drafts when no secret key is available, which resulted in a faulty error message. [#951]
* While composing a draft S/MIME was incorrectly selected when OpenPGP should have been the default. [#953]
* GPGMail no longer locks in a recursive loop when MailTags is installed and drafts are re-opened. [#948]
* GPGMail correctly detects and ignores winmail.dat files when Letter Opener is installed. That means Letter Opener again works as expected and can co-exist with GPGMail. [#950]

### Known Issues

* If an error happens while trying to send a PGP signed or encrypted message, no error alert will be shown. This is related to a bug in Mail for High Sierra which we have filed with Apple (rdar://22828028).
* If an address is entered into the Reply-To field for which no public key is available, it's not possible to encrypt a message. This is related to a bug in Mail for High Sierra which we have filed with Apple (rdar://33886415).


GPG Keychain 1.4.1
------------------

### Improvements

* Improved key server check. [#427]
* Dialog when generating revocation certificate has been tweaked: option to export sec key is removed. [#425]

### Fixes

* On High Sierra GPG Keychain did not jump to the newly created key in the key list once key creation is done. [#431]
* Problem when uploading the public key of a sec/pub key resolved and confirmation dialog for that case now shown as expected. [#433, #434]

GPG Suite Preferences 2.1.1
---------------------------
### Improvements

* Text fields in 'Send report' are now scrollable. [#97]

GPGServices 1.11.2
------------------

### Fixes

* Using GPGServices often times resulted in a hang. This has been fixed. [#241]


MacGPG 2.2.3
------------

### Improvements

* Updated to GnuPG 2.2.3. [#701]
* Adds code-signing to all GnuPG binaries [#700]